User-agent:Mediapartners-Google 
Disallow: /*.axd$ 
Disallow:*/webmis
Disallow:/berichweb/
Disallow:/promoteWeb/financial/
Disallow:/promote/moviecalendar/
Disallow:/news/B2Bwebmis
Disallow:/promoteWeb/Yuanta/
Disallow:/offwebmis/
Disallow:/promoteweb/presh/
Disallow:/inc/
Disallow:/personal/sys/
Disallow:/shbusiness/
Disallow:/shhouse/
Disallow:/upFile/
Disallow:/yam/
Disallow:/yesworld/
Disallow:/twstock/warrant/
Disallow:/Ajax.aspx
Disallow:/error.aspx
Disallow:/_mem_bin
Disallow:/*.xls$
Disallow:/*.csv$
Disallow:/*.doc$
Disallow:/promote/adbooking/
Disallow:/promoteweb/Chongqing/201304/
Disallow:/promoteweb/Chongqing_cn/
Disallow:/news/tcoc/
Disallow:/global/jp/
Disallow:/fixincome/
Disallow:/exchange/
Disallow:/promoteweb/cigna/v2/
Disallow:/news/
Disallow:/test/
Disallow:/astock/products.aspx

User-agent: *
Disallow: /*.axd$ 
Disallow:*/webmis
Disallow:/berichweb/
Disallow:/promoteWeb/financial/
Disallow:/promote/moviecalendar/
Disallow:/news/B2Bwebmis
Disallow:/promoteWeb/Yuanta/
Disallow:/offwebmis/
Disallow:/promoteweb/presh/
Disallow:/inc/
Disallow:/personal/sys/
Disallow:/shbusiness/
Disallow:/shhouse/
Disallow:/upFile/
Disallow:/yam/
Disallow:/yesworld/
Disallow:/twstock/warrant/
Disallow:/Ajax.aspx
Disallow:/error.aspx
Disallow:/_mem_bin
Disallow:/*.xls$
Disallow:/*.csv$
Disallow:/*.doc$
Disallow:/promote/adbooking/
Disallow:/promoteweb/Chongqing/201304/
Disallow:/promoteweb/Chongqing_cn/
Disallow:/news/tcoc/
Disallow:/global/jp/
Disallow:/fixincome/
Disallow:/exchange/
Disallow:/promoteweb/cigna/v2/
Disallow:/news/
Disallow:/test/
Disallow:/astock/products.aspx
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/SITEMAP_twstock.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/SITEMAP_presh.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/SITEMAP_pre.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/SITEMAP_gold.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_usastock.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_rsh.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_rsh_list.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_money.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_globalinvest.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_Lecture.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_bond.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_life.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_digital.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_fashion.xml


User-agent: Googlebot
Disallow: /*.axd$ 
Disallow:*/webmis
Disallow:/berichweb/
Disallow:/promoteWeb/financial/
Disallow:/promote/moviecalendar/
Disallow:/news/B2Bwebmis
Disallow:/promoteWeb/Yuanta/
Disallow:/offwebmis/
Disallow:/promoteweb/presh/
Disallow:/inc/
Disallow:/personal/sys/
Disallow:/shbusiness/
Disallow:/shhouse/
Disallow:/upFile/
Disallow:/yam/
Disallow:/yesworld/
Disallow:/twstock/warrant/
Disallow:/Ajax.aspx
Disallow:/error.aspx
Disallow:/_mem_bin
Disallow:/*.xls$
Disallow:/*.csv$
Disallow:/*.doc$
Disallow:/promote/adbooking/
Disallow:/promoteweb/Chongqing/201304/
Disallow:/promoteweb/Chongqing_cn/
Disallow:/news/tcoc/
Disallow:/global/jp/
Disallow:/fixincome/
Disallow:/exchange/
Disallow:/promoteweb/cigna/v2/
Disallow:/news/
Disallow:/test/
Disallow:/astock/products.aspx
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/120409.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/120409_futures.xml 
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/forex/sitemap.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/SITEMAP_twstock.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/SITEMAP_presh.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/SITEMAP_pre.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/SITEMAP_gold.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_usastock.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_rsh.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_rsh_list.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_money.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_globalinvest
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_Lecture.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_bond.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_life.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_digital.xml
sitemap: http://www.cnyes.com/sitemap_fashion.xml


