User-agent: *
disallow: /accounts
disallow: /accounts/
disallow: /scripts
disallow: /scripts/
disallow: /search/simages
disallow: /search/simages/
disallow: /search/video
disallow: /search/video/
disallow: /search/web
disallow: /search/web/
disallow: /search/news
disallow: /search/news/
disallow: /search/documents
disallow: /search/documents/
disallow: /search/books
disallow: /search/books/
disallow: /search/miniblog
disallow: /search/miniblog/
disallow: /search/qanswers
disallow: /search/qanswers/
disallow: /search/movies
disallow: /search/movies/
disallow: /search/tvshows
disallow: /search/tvshows/
disallow: /search/awards
disallow: /search/awards/
disallow: /ajax
disallow: /ajax/
disallow: /index
disallow: /index/
allow: /profil
allow: /profil/
disallow: /profil/getcontactimage
allow: /search/profil/
allow: /p/
allow: /s/
